Brodes/wcharcharconversion false positives upstream5 (#17611)
github/codeql: cpp/ql/src/change-notes/2024-09-26-wcharcharconversion-false-positives.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Removed false positives caused by failure to detect byte arrays
> * Removed false positives caused by failure to recognize dynamic checks prior to possible dangerous widening

Reviewer: This needs to mention the query.
```suggestion
* The `cpp/incorrect-string-type-conversion` query now produces fewer false positives caused by failure to detect byte arrays.
* The `cpp/incorrect-string-type-conversion` query now produces fewer false positives caused by failure to recognize dynamic checks prior to possible dangerous widening.
```

Author: committed.
